additionalInfo/Accessibility/0/Wheelchair accessible elevator
additionalInfo/Accessibility/0/Wheelchair accessible entrance
additionalInfo/Accessibility/1/Wheelchair accessible entrance
additionalInfo/Accessibility/1/Wheelchair accessible parking lot
additionalInfo/Accessibility/1/Wheelchair accessible restroom
additionalInfo/Accessibility/2/Wheelchair accessible parking lot
additionalInfo/Accessibility/2/Wheelchair accessible restroom
additionalInfo/Accessibility/2/Wheelchair accessible seating
additionalInfo/Accessibility/3/Wheelchair accessible restroom
additionalInfo/Accessibility/3/Wheelchair accessible seating
additionalInfo/Accessibility/4/Wheelchair accessible seating
additionalInfo/Amenities/0/Bar onsite
additionalInfo/Amenities/0/Good for kids
additionalInfo/Amenities/1/Good for kids
additionalInfo/Amenities/1/High chairs
additionalInfo/Amenities/1/Restroom
additionalInfo/Amenities/2/High chairs
additionalInfo/Amenities/2/Restroom
additionalInfo/Amenities/3/Free Wi-Fi
additionalInfo/Amenities/3/Restroom
additionalInfo/Amenities/4/Free Wi-Fi
additionalInfo/Atmosphere/0/Casual
additionalInfo/Atmosphere/0/Cozy
additionalInfo/Atmosphere/1/Cozy
additionalInfo/Atmosphere/1/Romantic
additionalInfo/Atmosphere/2/Historic
additionalInfo/Atmosphere/2/Romantic
additionalInfo/Atmosphere/2/Trending
additionalInfo/Atmosphere/2/Upscale
additionalInfo/Atmosphere/3/Romantic
additionalInfo/Atmosphere/3/Upscale
additionalInfo/Crowd/0/College students
additionalInfo/Crowd/0/Family-friendly
additionalInfo/Crowd/0/Groups
additionalInfo/Crowd/1/Family-friendly
additionalInfo/Crowd/1/Groups
additionalInfo/Crowd/1/Tourists
additionalInfo/Crowd/2/Groups
additionalInfo/Crowd/2/LGBTQ+ friendly
additionalInfo/Crowd/2/Tourists
additionalInfo/Crowd/3/LGBTQ+ friendly
additionalInfo/Crowd/3/Tourists
additionalInfo/Crowd/3/Transgender safespace
additionalInfo/Crowd/4/Tourists
additionalInfo/Crowd/4/Transgender safespace
additionalInfo/Crowd/5/Transgender safespace
additionalInfo/Dining options/0/Breakfast
additionalInfo/Dining options/0/Brunch
additionalInfo/Dining options/0/Lunch
additionalInfo/Dining options/1/Brunch
additionalInfo/Dining options/1/Dinner
additionalInfo/Dining options/1/Lunch
additionalInfo/Dining options/2/Catering
additionalInfo/Dining options/2/Dessert
additionalInfo/Dining options/2/Dinner
additionalInfo/Dining options/2/Lunch
additionalInfo/Dining options/3/Catering
additionalInfo/Dining options/3/Counter service
additionalInfo/Dining options/3/Dessert
additionalInfo/Dining options/3/Dinner
additionalInfo/Dining options/3/Seating
additionalInfo/Dining options/4/Catering
additionalInfo/Dining options/4/Dessert
additionalInfo/Dining options/4/Seating
additionalInfo/Dining options/5/Dessert
additionalInfo/Dining options/5/Seating
additionalInfo/Dining options/6/Seating
additionalInfo/From the business/0/Identifies as Black-owned
additionalInfo/From the business/1/Identifies as women-owned
additionalInfo/Highlights/0/Fast service
additionalInfo/Highlights/0/Great cocktails
additionalInfo/Highlights/0/Great coffee
additionalInfo/Highlights/0/Great dessert
additionalInfo/Highlights/1/Fireplace
additionalInfo/Highlights/1/Great cocktails
additionalInfo/Highlights/1/Great coffee
additionalInfo/Highlights/1/Great dessert
additionalInfo/Highlights/1/Great tea selection
additionalInfo/Highlights/2/Great coffee
additionalInfo/Highlights/2/Great dessert
additionalInfo/Highlights/2/Great tea selection
additionalInfo/Highlights/2/Serves local specialty
additionalInfo/Highlights/3/Great dessert
additionalInfo/Offerings/0/Alcohol
additionalInfo/Offerings/0/All you can eat
additionalInfo/Offerings/0/Coffee
additionalInfo/Offerings/0/Comfort food
additionalInfo/Offerings/1/Beer
additionalInfo/Offerings/1/Coffee
additionalInfo/Offerings/1/Comfort food
additionalInfo/Offerings/1/Kids' menu
additionalInfo/Offerings/1/Late-night food
additionalInfo/Offerings/2/Cocktails
additionalInfo/Offerings/2/Coffee
additionalInfo/Offerings/2/Comfort food
additionalInfo/Offerings/2/Halal food
additionalInfo/Offerings/2/Kids' menu
additionalInfo/Offerings/2/Late-night food
additionalInfo/Offerings/2/Quick bite
additionalInfo/Offerings/3/Coffee
additionalInfo/Offerings/3/Comfort food
additionalInfo/Offerings/3/Halal food
additionalInfo/Offerings/3/Healthy options
additionalInfo/Offerings/3/Organic dishes
additionalInfo/Offerings/3/Quick bite
additionalInfo/Offerings/3/Small plates
additionalInfo/Offerings/3/Vegetarian options
additionalInfo/Offerings/4/Comfort food
additionalInfo/Offerings/4/Happy hour drinks
additionalInfo/Offerings/4/Hard liquor
additionalInfo/Offerings/4/Healthy options
additionalInfo/Offerings/4/Quick bite
additionalInfo/Offerings/4/Small plates
additionalInfo/Offerings/4/Vegetarian options
additionalInfo/Offerings/5/Happy hour drinks
additionalInfo/Offerings/5/Happy hour food
additionalInfo/Offerings/5/Hard liquor
additionalInfo/Offerings/5/Kids' menu
additionalInfo/Offerings/5/Quick bite
additionalInfo/Offerings/5/Small plates
additionalInfo/Offerings/5/Vegan options
additionalInfo/Offerings/6/Happy hour food
additionalInfo/Offerings/6/Hard liquor
additionalInfo/Offerings/6/Healthy options
additionalInfo/Offerings/6/Kids' menu
additionalInfo/Offerings/6/Quick bite
additionalInfo/Offerings/6/Salad bar
additionalInfo/Offerings/6/Vegetarian options
additionalInfo/Offerings/7/Hard liquor
additionalInfo/Offerings/7/Healthy options
additionalInfo/Offerings/7/Kids' menu
additionalInfo/Offerings/7/Late-night food
additionalInfo/Offerings/7/Quick bite
additionalInfo/Offerings/7/Small plates
additionalInfo/Offerings/8/Healthy options
additionalInfo/Offerings/8/Kids' menu
additionalInfo/Offerings/8/Quick bite
additionalInfo/Offerings/8/Small plates
additionalInfo/Offerings/8/Vegan options
additionalInfo/Offerings/8/Vegetarian options
additionalInfo/Offerings/8/Wine
additionalInfo/Offerings/9/Kids' menu
additionalInfo/Offerings/9/Quick bite
additionalInfo/Offerings/9/Small plates
additionalInfo/Offerings/9/Vegan options
additionalInfo/Offerings/9/Vegetarian options
additionalInfo/Offerings/9/Wine
additionalInfo/Offerings/10/Quick bite
additionalInfo/Offerings/10/Small plates
additionalInfo/Offerings/10/Vegetarian options
additionalInfo/Offerings/10/Wine
additionalInfo/Offerings/11/Small plates
additionalInfo/Offerings/11/Vegetarian options
additionalInfo/Offerings/11/Wine
additionalInfo/Offerings/12/Wine
additionalInfo/Payments/0/Cash-only
additionalInfo/Payments/0/Debit cards
additionalInfo/Payments/0/NFC mobile payments
additionalInfo/Payments/1/Credit cards
additionalInfo/Payments/1/NFC mobile payments
additionalInfo/Payments/2/Credit cards
additionalInfo/Planning/0/Accepts reservations
additionalInfo/Planning/0/Dinner reservations recommended
additionalInfo/Planning/0/Lunch reservations recommended
additionalInfo/Planning/0/Usually a wait
additionalInfo/Planning/1/Accepts reservations
additionalInfo/Planning/1/Dinner reservations recommended
additionalInfo/Planning/2/Accepts reservations
additionalInfo/Planning/3/Usually a wait
additionalInfo/Popular for/0/Breakfast
additionalInfo/Popular for/0/Lunch
additionalInfo/Popular for/1/Dinner
additionalInfo/Popular for/1/Lunch
additionalInfo/Popular for/2/Dinner
additionalInfo/Popular for/2/Solo dining
additionalInfo/Popular for/3/Solo dining
additionalInfo/Service options/0/Curbside pickup
additionalInfo/Service options/0/Delivery
additionalInfo/Service options/0/Outdoor seating
additionalInfo/Service options/0/Takeout
additionalInfo/Service options/1/Curbside pickup
additionalInfo/Service options/1/Delivery
additionalInfo/Service options/1/Dine-in
additionalInfo/Service options/1/Drive-through
additionalInfo/Service options/1/No-contact delivery
additionalInfo/Service options/1/Takeout
additionalInfo/Service options/2/Delivery
additionalInfo/Service options/2/Dine-in
additionalInfo/Service options/2/No-contact delivery
additionalInfo/Service options/2/Takeout
additionalInfo/Service options/3/Delivery
additionalInfo/Service options/3/Dine-in
additionalInfo/Service options/3/Takeout
additionalInfo/Service options/4/Delivery
additionalInfo/Service options/4/Dine-in
additionalInfo/Service options/4/Takeout
additionalInfo/Service options/5/Dine-in
address
categories/0
categories/1
categories/2
categories/3
categories/4
categories/5
categories/6
categoryName
cid
city
claimThisBusiness
countryCode
description
googleFoodUrl
imagesCount
isLocalGuide
likesCount
locatedIn
location/lat
location/lng
menu
name
neighborhood
openingHours/0/day
openingHours/0/hours
openingHours/1/day
openingHours/1/hours
openingHours/2/day
openingHours/2/hours
openingHours/3/day
openingHours/3/hours
openingHours/4/day
openingHours/4/hours
openingHours/5/day
openingHours/5/hours
openingHours/6/day
openingHours/6/hours
orderBy/0/name
orderBy/0/url
orderBy/1/name
orderBy/1/url
peopleAlsoSearch/0/category
peopleAlsoSearch/0/reviewsCount
peopleAlsoSearch/0/title
peopleAlsoSearch/0/totalScore
peopleAlsoSearch/1/category
peopleAlsoSearch/1/reviewsCount
peopleAlsoSearch/1/title
peopleAlsoSearch/1/totalScore
peopleAlsoSearch/2/category
peopleAlsoSearch/2/reviewsCount
peopleAlsoSearch/2/title
peopleAlsoSearch/2/totalScore
peopleAlsoSearch/3/category
peopleAlsoSearch/3/reviewsCount
peopleAlsoSearch/3/title
peopleAlsoSearch/3/totalScore
peopleAlsoSearch/4/category
peopleAlsoSearch/4/reviewsCount
peopleAlsoSearch/4/title
peopleAlsoSearch/4/totalScore
permanentlyClosed
phone
placeId
plusCode
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/0/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/0/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/1/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/1/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/2/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/2/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/3/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/3/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/4/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/4/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/5/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/5/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/6/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/6/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/7/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/7/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/8/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/8/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/9/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/9/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/10/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/10/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/11/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/11/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/12/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/12/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/13/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/13/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/14/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/14/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/15/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/15/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/16/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/16/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/17/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/17/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/18/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/18/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/19/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/19/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/20/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/20/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/0/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/0/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/1/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/1/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/2/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/2/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/3/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/3/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/4/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/4/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/5/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/5/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/6/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/6/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/7/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/7/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/8/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/8/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/9/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/9/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/10/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/10/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/11/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/11/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/12/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/12/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/13/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/13/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/14/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/14/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/15/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/15/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/16/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/16/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/17/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/17/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/18/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/18/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/19/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/19/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/0/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/0/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/1/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/1/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/2/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/2/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/3/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/3/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/4/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/4/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/5/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/5/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/6/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/6/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/7/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/7/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/8/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/8/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/9/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/9/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/10/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/10/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/11/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/11/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/12/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/12/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/13/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/13/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/14/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/14/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/15/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/15/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/16/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/16/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/17/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/17/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/18/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/18/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/19/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/19/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/20/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/20/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/0/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/0/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/1/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/1/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/2/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/2/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/3/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/3/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/4/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/4/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/5/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/5/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/6/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/6/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/7/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/7/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/8/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/8/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/9/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/9/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/10/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/10/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/11/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/11/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/12/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/12/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/13/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/13/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/14/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/14/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/15/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/15/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/16/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/16/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/17/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/17/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/18/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/18/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/19/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/19/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/0/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/0/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/1/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/1/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/2/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/2/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/3/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/3/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/4/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/4/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/5/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/5/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/6/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/6/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/7/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/7/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/8/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/8/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/9/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/9/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/10/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/10/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/11/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/11/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/12/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/12/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/13/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/13/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/14/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/14/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/15/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/15/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/16/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/16/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/17/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/17/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/18/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/18/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/19/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/19/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/20/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/20/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/0/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/0/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/1/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/1/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/2/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/2/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/3/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/3/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/4/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/4/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/5/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/5/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/6/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/6/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/7/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/7/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/8/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/8/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/9/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/9/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/10/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/10/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/11/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/11/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/12/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/12/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/13/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/13/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/14/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/14/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/15/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/15/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/16/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/16/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/17/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/17/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/18/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/18/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/19/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/19/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/0/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/0/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/1/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/1/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/2/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/2/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/3/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/3/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/4/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/4/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/5/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/5/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/6/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/6/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/7/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/7/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/8/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/8/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/9/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/9/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/10/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/10/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/11/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/11/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/12/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/12/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/13/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/13/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/14/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/14/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/15/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/15/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/16/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/16/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/17/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/17/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/18/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/18/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/19/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/19/occupancyPercent
popularTimesLivePercent
popularTimesLiveText
postalCode
price
publishAt
publishedAtDate
questionsAndAnswers/answer
questionsAndAnswers/answerDate
questionsAndAnswers/answeredBy/name
questionsAndAnswers/answeredBy/url
questionsAndAnswers/askDate
questionsAndAnswers/askedBy/name
questionsAndAnswers/askedBy/url
questionsAndAnswers/question
rating
reserveTableUrl
responseFromOwnerDate
responseFromOwnerText
reviewId
reviewImageUrls/0
reviewImageUrls/1
reviewImageUrls/2
reviewImageUrls/3
reviewImageUrls/4
reviewImageUrls/5
reviewImageUrls/6
reviewImageUrls/7
reviewImageUrls/8
reviewImageUrls/9
reviewImageUrls/10
reviewImageUrls/11
reviewImageUrls/12
reviewImageUrls/13
reviewImageUrls/14
reviewImageUrls/15
reviewImageUrls/16
reviewImageUrls/17
reviewImageUrls/18
reviewImageUrls/19
reviewImageUrls/20
reviewImageUrls/21
reviewImageUrls/22
reviewImageUrls/23
reviewImageUrls/24
reviewImageUrls/25
reviewUrl
reviewerId
reviewerNumberOfReviews
reviewerPhotoUrl
reviewerUrl
reviewsCount
reviewsDistribution/fiveStar
reviewsDistribution/fourStar
reviewsDistribution/oneStar
reviewsDistribution/threeStar
reviewsDistribution/twoStar
reviewsTags/0/count
reviewsTags/0/title
reviewsTags/1/count
reviewsTags/1/title
reviewsTags/2/count
reviewsTags/2/title
reviewsTags/3/count
reviewsTags/3/title
reviewsTags/4/count
reviewsTags/4/title
reviewsTags/5/count
reviewsTags/5/title
reviewsTags/6/count
reviewsTags/6/title
reviewsTags/7/count
reviewsTags/7/title
reviewsTags/8/count
reviewsTags/8/title
reviewsTags/9/count
reviewsTags/9/title
scrapedAt
stars
state
street
subTitle
temporarilyClosed
text
title
totalScore
updatesFromCustomers/language
updatesFromCustomers/postDate
updatesFromCustomers/postedBy/name
updatesFromCustomers/postedBy/title
updatesFromCustomers/postedBy/totalReviews
updatesFromCustomers/postedBy/url
updatesFromCustomers/text
url
website
