additionalInfo/Accessibility/0/Assisted listening devices
additionalInfo/Accessibility/0/Wheelchair accessible elevator
additionalInfo/Accessibility/0/Wheelchair accessible entrance
additionalInfo/Accessibility/0/Wheelchair accessible parking lot
additionalInfo/Accessibility/1/Assistive hearing loop
additionalInfo/Accessibility/1/Wheelchair accessible entrance
additionalInfo/Accessibility/1/Wheelchair accessible parking lot
additionalInfo/Accessibility/1/Wheelchair accessible restroom
additionalInfo/Accessibility/2/Wheelchair accessible entrance
additionalInfo/Accessibility/2/Wheelchair accessible parking lot
additionalInfo/Accessibility/2/Wheelchair accessible restroom
additionalInfo/Accessibility/3/Wheelchair accessible parking lot
additionalInfo/Accessibility/3/Wheelchair accessible restroom
additionalInfo/Accessibility/3/Wheelchair accessible seating
additionalInfo/Accessibility/4/Assistive hearing loop
additionalInfo/Accessibility/4/Wheelchair accessible restroom
additionalInfo/Accessibility/5/Wheelchair accessible seating
additionalInfo/Amenities/0/Bar onsite
additionalInfo/Amenities/0/Gender-neutral restroom
additionalInfo/Amenities/0/Good for kids
additionalInfo/Amenities/0/Restaurant
additionalInfo/Amenities/1/Good for kids
additionalInfo/Amenities/1/Restaurant
additionalInfo/Amenities/1/Restroom
additionalInfo/Amenities/2/Restaurant
additionalInfo/Amenities/2/Restroom
additionalInfo/Amenities/3/Restroom
additionalInfo/Amenities/3/Stadium seating
additionalInfo/Crowd/0/Family-friendly
additionalInfo/Crowd/0/LGBTQ+ friendly
additionalInfo/Crowd/1/LGBTQ+ friendly
additionalInfo/Crowd/2/Transgender safespace
additionalInfo/Highlights/0/3D movies
additionalInfo/Highlights/0/Active military discounts
additionalInfo/Highlights/0/Live performances
additionalInfo/Highlights/1/Active military discounts
additionalInfo/Highlights/1/Live performances
additionalInfo/Highlights/1/Play area
additionalInfo/Highlights/2/Play area
additionalInfo/Offerings/0/Food
additionalInfo/Planning/0/Usually a wait
address
categories/0
categories/1
categories/2
categories/3
categories/4
categories/5
categories/6
categoryName
cid
city
claimThisBusiness
countryCode
description
imagesCount
isLocalGuide
likesCount
locatedIn
location/lat
location/lng
menu
name
neighborhood
openingHours/0/day
openingHours/0/hours
openingHours/1/day
openingHours/1/hours
openingHours/2/day
openingHours/2/hours
openingHours/3/day
openingHours/3/hours
openingHours/4/day
openingHours/4/hours
openingHours/5/day
openingHours/5/hours
openingHours/6/day
openingHours/6/hours
orderBy/0/name
orderBy/0/url
peopleAlsoSearch/0/category
peopleAlsoSearch/0/reviewsCount
peopleAlsoSearch/0/title
peopleAlsoSearch/0/totalScore
peopleAlsoSearch/1/category
peopleAlsoSearch/1/reviewsCount
peopleAlsoSearch/1/title
peopleAlsoSearch/1/totalScore
peopleAlsoSearch/2/category
peopleAlsoSearch/2/reviewsCount
peopleAlsoSearch/2/title
peopleAlsoSearch/2/totalScore
peopleAlsoSearch/3/category
peopleAlsoSearch/3/reviewsCount
peopleAlsoSearch/3/title
peopleAlsoSearch/3/totalScore
peopleAlsoSearch/4/category
peopleAlsoSearch/4/reviewsCount
peopleAlsoSearch/4/title
peopleAlsoSearch/4/totalScore
permanentlyClosed
phone
placeId
placesTags/0/count
placesTags/0/title
placesTags/1/count
placesTags/1/title
placesTags/2/count
placesTags/2/title
plusCode
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/0/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/0/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/1/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/1/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/2/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/2/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/3/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/3/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/4/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/4/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/5/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/5/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/6/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/6/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/7/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/7/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/8/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/8/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/9/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/9/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/10/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/10/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/11/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/11/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/12/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/12/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/13/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/13/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/14/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/14/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/15/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/15/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/16/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/16/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/17/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/17/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/18/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/18/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/19/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Fr/19/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/0/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/0/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/1/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/1/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/2/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/2/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/3/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/3/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/4/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/4/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/5/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/5/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/6/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/6/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/7/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/7/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/8/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/8/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/9/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/9/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/10/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/10/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/11/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/11/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/12/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/12/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/13/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/13/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/14/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/14/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/15/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/15/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/16/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/16/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/17/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/17/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/18/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/18/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/19/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Mo/19/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/0/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/0/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/1/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/1/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/2/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/2/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/3/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/3/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/4/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/4/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/5/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/5/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/6/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/6/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/7/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/7/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/8/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/8/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/9/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/9/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/10/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/10/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/11/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/11/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/12/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/12/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/13/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/13/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/14/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/14/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/15/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/15/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/16/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/16/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/17/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/17/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/18/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/18/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/19/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Sa/19/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/0/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/0/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/1/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/1/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/2/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/2/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/3/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/3/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/4/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/4/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/5/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/5/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/6/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/6/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/7/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/7/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/8/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/8/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/9/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/9/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/10/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/10/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/11/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/11/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/12/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/12/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/13/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/13/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/14/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/14/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/15/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/15/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/16/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/16/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/17/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/17/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/18/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/18/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Su/19/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Su/19/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/0/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/0/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/1/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/1/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/2/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/2/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/3/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/3/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/4/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/4/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/5/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/5/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/6/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/6/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/7/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/7/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/8/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/8/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/9/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/9/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/10/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/10/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/11/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/11/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/12/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/12/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/13/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/13/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/14/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/14/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/15/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/15/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/16/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/16/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/17/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/17/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/18/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/18/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Th/19/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Th/19/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/0/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/0/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/1/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/1/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/2/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/2/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/3/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/3/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/4/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/4/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/5/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/5/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/6/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/6/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/7/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/7/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/8/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/8/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/9/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/9/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/10/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/10/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/11/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/11/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/12/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/12/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/13/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/13/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/14/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/14/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/15/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/15/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/16/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/16/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/17/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/17/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/18/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/18/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/19/hour
popularTimesHistogram/Tu/19/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/0/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/0/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/1/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/1/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/2/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/2/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/3/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/3/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/4/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/4/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/5/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/5/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/6/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/6/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/7/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/7/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/8/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/8/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/9/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/9/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/10/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/10/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/11/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/11/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/12/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/12/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/13/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/13/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/14/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/14/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/15/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/15/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/16/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/16/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/17/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/17/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/18/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/18/occupancyPercent
popularTimesHistogram/We/19/hour
popularTimesHistogram/We/19/occupancyPercent
popularTimesLivePercent
popularTimesLiveText
postalCode
price
publishAt
publishedAtDate
questionsAndAnswers/answer
questionsAndAnswers/answerDate
questionsAndAnswers/answeredBy/name
questionsAndAnswers/answeredBy/url
questionsAndAnswers/askDate
questionsAndAnswers/askedBy/name
questionsAndAnswers/askedBy/url
questionsAndAnswers/question
rating
responseFromOwnerDate
responseFromOwnerText
reviewId
reviewImageUrls/0
reviewImageUrls/1
reviewImageUrls/2
reviewImageUrls/3
reviewImageUrls/4
reviewImageUrls/5
reviewImageUrls/6
reviewImageUrls/7
reviewImageUrls/8
reviewImageUrls/9
reviewImageUrls/10
reviewImageUrls/11
reviewImageUrls/12
reviewImageUrls/13
reviewImageUrls/14
reviewImageUrls/15
reviewImageUrls/16
reviewImageUrls/17
reviewImageUrls/18
reviewImageUrls/19
reviewImageUrls/20
reviewImageUrls/21
reviewImageUrls/22
reviewImageUrls/23
reviewImageUrls/24
reviewImageUrls/25
reviewImageUrls/26
reviewImageUrls/27
reviewImageUrls/28
reviewImageUrls/29
reviewImageUrls/30
reviewImageUrls/31
reviewImageUrls/32
reviewImageUrls/33
reviewImageUrls/34
reviewImageUrls/35
reviewImageUrls/36
reviewImageUrls/37
reviewImageUrls/38
reviewImageUrls/39
reviewImageUrls/40
reviewImageUrls/41
reviewImageUrls/42
reviewImageUrls/43
reviewImageUrls/44
reviewImageUrls/45
reviewImageUrls/46
reviewImageUrls/47
reviewImageUrls/48
reviewImageUrls/49
reviewUrl
reviewerId
reviewerNumberOfReviews
reviewerPhotoUrl
reviewerUrl
reviewsCount
reviewsDistribution/fiveStar
reviewsDistribution/fourStar
reviewsDistribution/oneStar
reviewsDistribution/threeStar
reviewsDistribution/twoStar
reviewsTags/0/count
reviewsTags/0/title
reviewsTags/1/count
reviewsTags/1/title
reviewsTags/2/count
reviewsTags/2/title
reviewsTags/3/count
reviewsTags/3/title
reviewsTags/4/count
reviewsTags/4/title
reviewsTags/5/count
reviewsTags/5/title
reviewsTags/6/count
reviewsTags/6/title
reviewsTags/7/count
reviewsTags/7/title
reviewsTags/8/count
reviewsTags/8/title
reviewsTags/9/count
reviewsTags/9/title
scrapedAt
stars
state
street
subTitle
temporarilyClosed
text
title
totalScore
updatesFromCustomers/language
updatesFromCustomers/media/0/link
updatesFromCustomers/media/0/postDate
updatesFromCustomers/postDate
updatesFromCustomers/postedBy/name
updatesFromCustomers/postedBy/title
updatesFromCustomers/postedBy/totalReviews
updatesFromCustomers/postedBy/url
updatesFromCustomers/text
url
website