additionalInfo/Amenities/0/Free Wi-Fi
additionalInfo/Amenities/0/Paid Wi-Fi
additionalInfo/Amenities/1/Breakfast
additionalInfo/Amenities/1/Free breakfast
additionalInfo/Amenities/1/Free parking
additionalInfo/Amenities/1/Paid breakfast
additionalInfo/Amenities/1/Paid parking
additionalInfo/Amenities/2/Accessible
additionalInfo/Amenities/2/Free parking
additionalInfo/Amenities/2/Paid parking
additionalInfo/Amenities/2/Parking
additionalInfo/Amenities/2/Pool
additionalInfo/Amenities/3/Accessible
additionalInfo/Amenities/3/Air-conditioned
additionalInfo/Amenities/3/Pool
additionalInfo/Amenities/4/Air-conditioned
additionalInfo/Amenities/4/Indoor and outdoor pool
additionalInfo/Amenities/4/Indoor pool
additionalInfo/Amenities/4/Kid-friendly
additionalInfo/Amenities/4/Outdoor pool
additionalInfo/Amenities/4/Pet-friendly
additionalInfo/Amenities/4/Pool
additionalInfo/Amenities/5/Air-conditioned
additionalInfo/Amenities/5/Business center
additionalInfo/Amenities/5/Fitness center
additionalInfo/Amenities/5/Kid-friendly
additionalInfo/Amenities/5/Pet-friendly
additionalInfo/Amenities/5/Restaurant
additionalInfo/Amenities/6/Airport shuttle
additionalInfo/Amenities/6/Business center
additionalInfo/Amenities/6/Fitness center
additionalInfo/Amenities/6/Kid-friendly
additionalInfo/Amenities/6/Laundry service
additionalInfo/Amenities/6/Pet-friendly
additionalInfo/Amenities/6/Restaurant
additionalInfo/Amenities/6/Smoke-free
additionalInfo/Amenities/7/Business center
additionalInfo/Amenities/7/Fitness center
additionalInfo/Amenities/7/Golf course
additionalInfo/Amenities/7/Kid-friendly
additionalInfo/Amenities/7/Pet-friendly
additionalInfo/Amenities/7/Restaurant
additionalInfo/Amenities/7/Room service
additionalInfo/Amenities/8/Beach access
additionalInfo/Amenities/8/Golf course
additionalInfo/Amenities/8/Kid-friendly
additionalInfo/Amenities/8/Kitchens in some rooms
additionalInfo/Amenities/8/Pet-friendly
additionalInfo/Amenities/8/Restaurant
additionalInfo/Amenities/8/Room service
additionalInfo/Amenities/8/Smoke-free
additionalInfo/Amenities/9/Airport shuttle
additionalInfo/Amenities/9/Beach access
additionalInfo/Amenities/9/Fitness center
additionalInfo/Amenities/9/Kid-friendly
additionalInfo/Amenities/9/Restaurant
additionalInfo/Amenities/9/Room service
additionalInfo/Amenities/10/Airport shuttle
additionalInfo/Amenities/10/Bar
additionalInfo/Amenities/10/Fitness center
additionalInfo/Amenities/10/Kid-friendly
additionalInfo/Amenities/10/Kitchen in all rooms
additionalInfo/Amenities/10/Restaurant
additionalInfo/Amenities/10/Room service
additionalInfo/Amenities/11/Airport shuttle
additionalInfo/Amenities/11/Fitness center
additionalInfo/Amenities/11/Golf course
additionalInfo/Amenities/11/Hot tub
additionalInfo/Amenities/11/Kid-friendly
additionalInfo/Amenities/11/Restaurant
additionalInfo/Amenities/11/Smoke-free
additionalInfo/Amenities/12/Airport shuttle
additionalInfo/Amenities/12/Fitness center
additionalInfo/Amenities/12/Golf course
additionalInfo/Amenities/12/Hot tub
additionalInfo/Amenities/12/Restaurant
additionalInfo/Amenities/12/Smoke-free
additionalInfo/Amenities/13/Fitness center
additionalInfo/Amenities/13/Golf course
additionalInfo/Amenities/13/Hot tub
additionalInfo/Amenities/13/Kitchens in some rooms
additionalInfo/Amenities/13/Smoke-free
additionalInfo/Amenities/13/Spa
additionalInfo/Amenities/14/Airport shuttle
additionalInfo/Amenities/14/Bar
additionalInfo/Amenities/14/Fitness center
additionalInfo/Amenities/14/Golf course
additionalInfo/Amenities/14/Spa
additionalInfo/Amenities/15/Bar
additionalInfo/Amenities/15/Fitness center
additionalInfo/Amenities/15/Hot tub
additionalInfo/Amenities/15/Smoke-free
additionalInfo/Amenities/16/Golf course
additionalInfo/Amenities/16/Smoke-free
additionalInfo/Amenities/16/Spa
additionalInfo/Amenities/17/Bar
additionalInfo/Amenities/17/Fitness center
additionalInfo/Amenities/18/Bar
additionalInfo/Amenities/18/Golf course
additionalInfo/Amenities/18/Smoke-free
additionalInfo/Amenities/19/Bar
additionalInfo/Amenities/19/Smoke-free
additionalInfo/Amenities/20/Smoke-free
address
categories/0
categories/1
categories/2
categories/3
categories/4
categories/5
categories/6
categoryName
checkInDate
checkOutDate
cid
city
claimThisBusiness
countryCode
description
hotelStars
imagesCount
isLocalGuide
likesCount
locatedIn
location/lat
location/lng
menu
name
neighborhood
peopleAlsoSearch/0/category
peopleAlsoSearch/1/category
peopleAlsoSearch/2/category
peopleAlsoSearch/3/category
peopleAlsoSearch/4/category
peopleAlsoSearch/5/category
peopleAlsoSearch/6/category
peopleAlsoSearch/7/category
peopleAlsoSearch/8/category
permanentlyClosed
phone
placeId
placesTags/0/count
placesTags/0/title
placesTags/1/count
placesTags/1/title
placesTags/2/count
placesTags/2/title
placesTags/3/count
placesTags/3/title
placesTags/4/count
placesTags/4/title
placesTags/5/count
placesTags/5/title
placesTags/6/count
placesTags/6/title
plusCode
postalCode
price
publishAt
publishedAtDate
questionsAndAnswers/answer
questionsAndAnswers/answerDate
questionsAndAnswers/answeredBy/name
questionsAndAnswers/answeredBy/url
questionsAndAnswers/askDate
questionsAndAnswers/askedBy/name
questionsAndAnswers/askedBy/url
questionsAndAnswers/question
rating
responseFromOwnerDate
responseFromOwnerText
reviewId
reviewImageUrls/0
reviewImageUrls/1
reviewImageUrls/2
reviewImageUrls/3
reviewImageUrls/4
reviewImageUrls/5
reviewImageUrls/6
reviewImageUrls/7
reviewImageUrls/8
reviewImageUrls/9
reviewImageUrls/10
reviewImageUrls/11
reviewImageUrls/12
reviewImageUrls/13
reviewImageUrls/14
reviewImageUrls/15
reviewImageUrls/16
reviewImageUrls/17
reviewImageUrls/18
reviewImageUrls/19
reviewImageUrls/20
reviewImageUrls/21
reviewImageUrls/22
reviewImageUrls/23
reviewImageUrls/24
reviewImageUrls/25
reviewImageUrls/26
reviewImageUrls/27
reviewImageUrls/28
reviewImageUrls/29
reviewImageUrls/30
reviewImageUrls/31
reviewImageUrls/32
reviewImageUrls/33
reviewImageUrls/34
reviewImageUrls/35
reviewImageUrls/36
reviewImageUrls/37
reviewImageUrls/38
reviewImageUrls/39
reviewImageUrls/40
reviewImageUrls/41
reviewImageUrls/42
reviewImageUrls/43
reviewImageUrls/44
reviewImageUrls/45
reviewImageUrls/46
reviewImageUrls/47
reviewImageUrls/48
reviewImageUrls/49
reviewUrl
reviewerId
reviewerNumberOfReviews
reviewerPhotoUrl
reviewerUrl
reviewsCount
reviewsDistribution/fiveStar
reviewsDistribution/fourStar
reviewsDistribution/oneStar
reviewsDistribution/threeStar
reviewsDistribution/twoStar
reviewsTags/0/count
reviewsTags/0/title
reviewsTags/1/count
reviewsTags/1/title
reviewsTags/2/count
reviewsTags/2/title
reviewsTags/3/count
reviewsTags/3/title
reviewsTags/4/count
reviewsTags/4/title
reviewsTags/5/count
reviewsTags/5/title
reviewsTags/6/count
reviewsTags/6/title
reviewsTags/7/count
reviewsTags/7/title
reviewsTags/8/count
reviewsTags/8/title
reviewsTags/9/count
reviewsTags/9/title
scrapedAt
similarHotelsNearby/0/description
similarHotelsNearby/0/name
similarHotelsNearby/0/price
similarHotelsNearby/0/rating
similarHotelsNearby/0/reviews
similarHotelsNearby/1/description
similarHotelsNearby/1/name
similarHotelsNearby/1/price
similarHotelsNearby/1/rating
similarHotelsNearby/1/reviews
similarHotelsNearby/2/description
similarHotelsNearby/2/name
similarHotelsNearby/2/price
similarHotelsNearby/2/rating
similarHotelsNearby/2/reviews
similarHotelsNearby/3/description
similarHotelsNearby/3/name
similarHotelsNearby/3/price
similarHotelsNearby/3/rating
similarHotelsNearby/3/reviews
similarHotelsNearby/4/description
similarHotelsNearby/4/name
similarHotelsNearby/4/price
similarHotelsNearby/4/rating
similarHotelsNearby/4/reviews
similarHotelsNearby/5/description
similarHotelsNearby/5/name
similarHotelsNearby/5/price
similarHotelsNearby/5/rating
similarHotelsNearby/5/reviews
similarHotelsNearby/6/description
similarHotelsNearby/6/name
similarHotelsNearby/6/price
similarHotelsNearby/6/rating
similarHotelsNearby/6/reviews
similarHotelsNearby/7/description
similarHotelsNearby/7/name
similarHotelsNearby/7/price
similarHotelsNearby/7/rating
similarHotelsNearby/7/reviews
similarHotelsNearby/8/description
similarHotelsNearby/8/name
similarHotelsNearby/8/price
similarHotelsNearby/8/rating
similarHotelsNearby/8/reviews
similarHotelsNearby/9/description
similarHotelsNearby/9/name
similarHotelsNearby/9/price
similarHotelsNearby/9/rating
similarHotelsNearby/9/reviews
stars
state
street
subTitle
temporarilyClosed
text
title
totalScore
updatesFromCustomers/language
updatesFromCustomers/media/0/link
updatesFromCustomers/media/0/postDate
updatesFromCustomers/postDate
updatesFromCustomers/postedBy/name
updatesFromCustomers/postedBy/title
updatesFromCustomers/postedBy/totalReviews
updatesFromCustomers/postedBy/url
updatesFromCustomers/text
url
website
